README.md, before:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages).
-->

# AIO

This package provides a ready-to-launch app with all necessary features already implemented.
It also gives you access to many functionalities through the `App()` class. (see [Core](docs/core.md))

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

You can either use the package as is and access the functionalities through the `App()` class.

Or you can use the package as a starting point for your own app. In this case you will need to follow these steps:
* Create a new Flutter project
* Add the package to your `pubspec.yaml` file
```yaml
dependencies:
  aio:
    git:
      url: https://github.com/ClementVand/aio.git
      ref: main
      path: .
```

* Download the package as .zip from github and extract everything from aio/example to your `lib` folder (you must replace the possibly existing `main.dart` file from the default Flutter project template)
* You should now be able to run the app with `flutter run`

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

docs: Updated README.md with link to aio_app_template

README.md, after:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages).
-->

# AIO

This package provides a ready-to-launch app with all necessary features already implemented.
It also gives you access to many functionalities through the `App()` class. (see [Core](docs/core.md))

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

You can either use the package as is and access the functionalities through the `App()` class.

Or you can use the [aio_app_template](https://github.com/ClementVand/aio_app_template) as 
a starting point for your own app to get a better understanding of how everything works.

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.
